_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "JJ Feeney"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi, I’m John Feeney, a Computer Engineering student at Virginia Tech, specializing in Controls, Robotics, and Autonomy. With a strong foundation in embedded systems, analog circuit design, and software development, I am passionate about solving complex engineering challenges through hands-on projects and innovative design.

## My Experience ##
I’ve had the opportunity to work on diverse projects, from designing wheelie control systems for electric motorcycles as part of Virginia Tech BOLT, to developing a 3-band equalizer and Class-D amplifier as a personal project. Currently, I’m working with BOLT to design the control systems for our first-generation electric dirt bike, where I:

Determine the necessary rider control systems
Specify the motor controller and power distribution unit (PDU)
Design the communication scheme between bike subsystems
Mock up the high-voltage contactor circuit
My experience also includes robotics software development, where I led my high school team in implementing computer vision-based localization and control algorithms for competition-winning robots.

Beyond technical work, I enjoy leading teams, mentoring others, and pushing the boundaries of engineering design. Whether it’s developing custom PCB layouts, optimizing embedded systems, or fine-tuning an audio circuit for minimal distortion, I love diving into the details that make projects both functional and efficient.

## Skills & Expertise ##
🔹 Embedded Systems & Control Software
🔹 PCB Design & Circuit Simulation (Altium, LTSpice)
🔹 Robotics & Computer Vision (AprilTags, Holonomic Drivetrains)
🔹 Analog & Digital Signal Processing
🔹 3D Printing, Soldering, and Hardware Prototyping

## Work & Achievements ##
My hands-on experience extends beyond personal projects and academics. I’ve worked as a lighting technician, where I handled networked lighting systems, and as an intern at Barbizon Lighting Company, where I assisted in technical repairs and installations. Additionally, I was honored with the Best in Course award for ECE 1004 and have been recognized on the Dean’s List with Distinction.

Commit message:

updated about me and pictures

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "JJ Feeney"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi, I’m John Feeney, a Computer Engineering student at Virginia Tech, specializing in Controls, Robotics, and Autonomy. With a strong foundation in embedded systems, analog circuit design, and software development. My hobies include electronics projects, board games, and hiking.
## My Experience ##
I’ve had the opportunity to work on diverse projects, from designing wheelie control systems for electric motorcycles as part of Virginia Tech BOLT, to developing a 3-band equalizer and Class-D amplifier as a personal project. Currently, I’m working with BOLT to design the control systems for our first-generation electric dirt bike

My experience also includes robotics software development, where I led my high school team in implementing computer vision-based localization and control algorithms for competition-winning robots. My ongoing personal projects are leaning PCB design with Altiumn and desgining a modular analog drum machine based on the Euro Rack standard. 

## Skills & Expertise ##
🔹 Embedded Systems & Control Software
🔹 PCB Design & Circuit Simulation (Altium, LTSpice)
🔹 Robotics & Computer Vision (AprilTags, Holonomic Drivetrains)
🔹 Analog & Digital Signal Processing
🔹 3D Printing, Soldering, and Hardware Prototyping

## Work & Achievements ##
My hands-on experience extends beyond personal projects and academics. I’ve worked as a lighting technician, where I handled networked lighting systems, and as an intern at Barbizon Lighting Company, where I assisted in technical repairs and installations. Additionally, I was honored with the Best in Course award for ECE 1004 and have been recognized on the Dean’s List with Distinction.
